README.md, before:

# cryptocheck

[![MIT license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](./LICENSE.md)

Simple additional app for bitanda and other exchanges or services to see further details such as profit/loss and tax.

This project was generated with [swaaplate](https://github.com/inpercima/swaaplate) version 2.3.1.

## Prerequisites

### Angular CLI

* `angular-cli 12.1.4` or higher

### Java

* `jdk 16` or higher

### Node, npm or yarn

* `node 14.16.1` or higher in combination with
  * `npm 6.14.12` or higher or
  * `yarn 1.22.5` or higher, used in this repository

## Dependency check

Some libraries could not be updated b/c of peer dependencies or knowing issues.

| library    | current version | last version | reason |
| ---------- | --------------- | ------------ | ------ |
| rxjs       | 6.6.0           | 7.3.0        | "@angular/common@12.1.4" has incorrect peer dependency "rxjs@^6.5.3" |

## Getting started

```bash
# clone project
git clone https://github.com/inpercima/cryptocheck
cd cryptocheck
```

## Usage

### Modules

For the client check [cryptocheck - client](./client).

For the server check [cryptocheck - server](./server).

Commit message:

Add simple information how to run this program

README.md, after:

# cryptocheck

[![MIT license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](./LICENSE.md)

Simple additional app for bitanda and other exchanges or services to see further details such as profit/loss and tax.

This project was generated with [swaaplate](https://github.com/inpercima/swaaplate) version 2.3.1.

## Prerequisites

### Angular CLI

* `angular-cli 12.1.4` or higher

### Java

* `jdk 16` or higher

### Node, npm or yarn

* `node 14.16.1` or higher in combination with
  * `npm 6.14.12` or higher or
  * `yarn 1.22.5` or higher, used in this repository

## Dependency check

Some libraries could not be updated b/c of peer dependencies or knowing issues.

| library    | current version | last version | reason |
| ---------- | --------------- | ------------ | ------ |
| rxjs       | 6.6.0           | 7.3.0        | "@angular/common@12.1.4" has incorrect peer dependency "rxjs@^6.5.3" |

## Getting started

```bash
# clone project
git clone https://github.com/inpercima/cryptocheck
cd cryptocheck
```

## Usage

### General

This repository includes two backend possibilities.
You can run this program with php or java.
Per default java is selected and recommended.

### Modules

For the client check [cryptocheck - client](./client).

For the java server check [cryptocheck - server](./server).

For the php api check [cryptocheck - api](./api).
